>> What kind of entities
were you dealing with?
>> So many, actually, just
this inter-dimensional highway.
>> You say, basically,
I'm not crazy.
I just see things.
>> She said, I don't think
you're schizophrenic.
I think something
else is going on.
She said, I think
you're psychic.
Through my psychic
development, I
knew that I had to
be super present
because psychic information
only comes in the now.
>> Exactly.
>> It was almost an
electrified way of being human.
I am an Akashic Records
reader, and that
might be different
from a psychic reading.
Although I think psychic
readings are so valuable,
but one of the obstacles
that one can run into is--
[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
Raise your hands
if you have felt out of
sync with the normal world
around you.
You're not alone.
Our guest today, Bonni
McCliss, felt very out of sync
with the world, only to find
that she was just psychic.
So welcome, Bonni.
It's good to have with me.
>>BONNI MCCLISS: Thank
you for having me.
Yes, I'm excited.
>>REGINA: Yeah, so gosh,
you had a rough ride.
>>MCCLISS: I did.
I really did.
>>REGINA: Oh my God.
>>MCCLISS: Yes.
>>REGINA: A psychic,
as a little kid--
I mean, I've interviewed
a lot of people
who were psychic and saw things
when they were a little kid,
but what happened to you is
just crazy because you were
literally singled out and
almost tortured as a result.
So let's just dive
right into your life
as a little kid and the
things you were seeing
and how your parents and the
world around you reacted to it.
>>MCCLISS: Yeah,
yeah, absolutely.
Actually, in hindsight, when
I think about it, I'm like,
I don't really know how--
>>REGINA: It's horrifying.
>>MCCLISS: Yeah--
how I survived.
But at the time
of the experience,
I just was mostly
just trusting what
I was told to a certain extent.
But so early on, it
was quite natural
for me to have
these conversations
or these experiences.
My earliest memory
would be these lights
that would hover over my bed
at night when I was little,
almost had like an
angelitic choral sound.
And it was beautiful.
And I would tell my mom.
And of course, as
parents do, she
would say, oh, it's
just your imagination.
You're such an over
imaginative child.
So that was beautiful.
And then from there, I had
the classic "psychic child"
imaginary friend exchange.
And that was fairly accepted.
My mom-- bless her.
She tried so hard
she made dolls when
I was young to try to
embody all of my friends.
>>REGINA: Well, that's actually
very supportive and sweet.
>>MCCLISS: She was.
She tried.
She really was just guided
by the medical community
and I think that's when
things got a little off track.
So as I just stayed
this wide open child
when I became early
adolescence, around 11, 12,
I started to scare the adults
around me by maintaining this.
>>REGINA: Because when
you're a little kid
and you have little
imaginary friends, it's cute,
but by the time you hit puberty,
it's not really cute anymore.
They're scared, right?
>>MCCLISS: No, no.
>>REGINA: They're like,
is she crazy or what?
And so you had this
time in your life
though where you were very
comfortable with your quote,
"imaginary," in other words,
the other-dimensional friends
and guides that
were speaking to you
and keeping you company in life.
And then you started interacting
more with other children
and you thought, well, that's
strange they're the ones
that-- the guides feel
totally normal and simpatico.
It's the kids that
feel a little odd.
>>MCCLISS: Yes,
that's exactly right.
Yes, and then at
that point, I kind of
had that odd man out, had
a hard time making friends.
Which I think was
another indicator
that something different was--
something was setting me apart.
But again I think
as human beings
we just know what we know.
It's hard to know where
we're different until we
meet that contrast until we
meet that kind of fear of it.
So as I got older my mom brought
me to a series of doctors
and they all had their different
ideas but really at the end
the last doctor said--
gave me the diagnosis
of early-onset schizophrenia.
>>REGINA: Because
you were talking
to people that weren't there.
>>MCCLISS: Yes.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: Like
someone on the street
who has lost their
bearings seemingly
but the thing is a lot of
the people on the street who
have lost their
bearings are also
dealing with other dimensional
beings talking to them.
>>MCCLISS: Right.
And feeling the emotions.
I think as a child
it was I could
feel such extreme emotions,
which I think a lot of people
right now can relate to that.
And I would just
have just these cry
fits because I could
feel the pain of another.
So again they could
not understand
why I would have these
emotional mood swings.
>>REGINA: Which
because there didn't
seem to be any stimuli for it
in your third-dimensional world.
What kinds of
experiences were you
having at that time
when you say you would
take on the emotions,
what kind of entities
were you dealing with,
were you interacting with?
>>MCCLISS: So many actually.
I think when you are
that open as a child,
it's just a smorgasbord.
I believe it's just this
inter-dimensional highway.
So with everything from I
think now just non-human forms,
to spirits, to just
these just pockets
of human pain and energy.
And again as a
child, you're trying
to find your own identity
and find your own voice.
But mostly early on I
noticed a lot of the pull
would be from deceased loved
ones or earthbound spirits.
>>REGINA: That's
what I was wondering.
>>MCCLISS: That would definitely
have a message or a call.
>>REGINA: So now we get
into the early teen years
where you've been diagnosed.
So then what happens?
>>MCCLISS: The doctor that I
was seeing at the time thought
that it was just kind of
a culmination of events,
that I should go
into a facility.
So they went ahead and
placed me into a facility,
putting me on heavy, heavy
drugs, heavy antipsychotics,
which the psychic visions
changed drastically
at that point.
>>REGINA: You wrote
about red eye rats.
It wasn't your friends anymore.
So do you think that it tweaked
your brain frequencies simply
to a level where you were kind
of accessing lower dimensional?
>>MCCLISS: Exactly.
I think that's
exactly what happened.
I believe it brought
me to the lower planes.
Which I'm grateful
for now to see
like the many different
dimensions in time and space
that I was involved with.
But yeah, absolutely, I
think it brought my world
to a lower realm indefinitely.
>>REGINA: And so during this
time what happened with you?
I mean, you're obviously
you're out of school
during some really critical
years, you're not bonding
and making friends during
these times when girls really
kind of like liked to chat
a lot and need each other.
That was-- none of that
was happening for you.
>>MCCLISS: No, no, no.
In fact, the medication
that I was put on
distorted my
eyesight quite a bit.
So I just kind of hung
out in the shadows.
I took solace in some
kind of different state
of consciousness.
A lot of it kind of lost
memory in that time.
But I just kind of got
through and just did the best
that I could.
And you know, again
gaps in education and--
>>REGINA: How long
did this go on?
>>MCCLISS: The actual
institution wasn't that long,
it was just a few months
but it was coming out of it,
trying to find that baseline.
I actually even
remember the moment
I was fighting and
rallying, trying
to even as a young
person acknowledge
this as a special thing
or a beautiful thing.
To kind of stand up for
the other side in a sense.
And with nobody validating
that and with nobody giving me
feedback that
that's an option, I
remember that single moment
where I just said fine,
have it--
then you'll be right,
then I give up.
And I just told myself
maybe you are hallucinating.
And so it's just that
shift in perspective.
>>REGINA: So when
you got out of there
you were in acceptance that
you were hallucinating?
>>MCCLISS: Yeah.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: There
comes a point where
you're dealing
with a psychiatrist
and they're trying to
look at the veracity
because you say
basically I'm not crazy,
I just see things, right?
>>MCCLISS: Yes.
>>REGINA: And she put
you through a test.
>>MCCLISS: Yes.
>>REGINA: Yeah, let's talk about
that because that was really
a breaking free point for
you wasn't it, a liberation?
>>MCCLISS: Yes it was.
I remember coming
into the office
of this beautiful
benevolent woman.
Just this doctor and just kind
of exposing my heart and just--
I just remember crying
for the first session
and giving her my background
of being schizophrenic.
And fully assuming that I was
still at this point broken,
even though I saw things, didn't
know there was another option.
And she listened to me so
lovingly and so patient
until she gave me this news.
She said I don't think
you're schizophrenic.
I think something
else is going on.
And I didn't know
and I think great,
another diagnosis, here we
go, I've been through so many.
And she said I think
you're psychic.
And I was like,
what's that mean?
You know, what's a psychic?
And so I didn't believe it.
I did a little research
and of course, I
loved Sylvia Browne on Montel
but didn't see myself that way.
But she said OK if
you don't believe me
I'm going to put you
through a little experience,
a little test.
So she said close your eyes,
and I want you to tell me,
what does my house look like?
And I panicked.
I was so nervous.
I'm thinking I don't
want to disappoint her,
she's my first grace
I've seen in a while.
And I said I don't know
what your house looks like.
And she said yes you do.
It's just amazing her confidence
even at this juncture.
And so she kept pushing
me a little bit more
just to kind of really trust
my instincts and I did.
I said, OK, well you live
in a white house, two-story.
She said yeah, I do.
Keep going, Bonni.
Well, it's like a Cape
Cod style, Cape Cod style.
And she said that's
exactly right.
And so I started to get a
little confidence to trust this
and I went on to tell
her about the cats
and she said yes, I love cats.
I have cats everywhere
and the flowers.
And basically, she said
see, do believe me now?
>>REGINA: Isn't that amazing?
One person to see you
and become your advocate.
>>MCCLISS: Yes,
that's all it takes.
>>REGINA: After all that you'd
been through with the mistrust
and misdiagnoses.
It's just to me so sad that
people don't believe children.
>>MCCLISS: Yes, right.
Well, and I think
that's so changing.
It feels like a foreign
timeline at this point.
>>REGINA: It really does.
I mean, and even
then it was starting
to change but it didn't
change in your neighborhood
not just yet.
>>MCCLISS: No, not fast enough.
>>REGINA: OK, so now
you get past this,
now you're alerted to
the fact you're psychic.
You figure out what psychic
means, you've just proven it.
How does your life change
from this moment forward?
>>MCCLISS: Yeah, my life changed
drastically because I felt--
I thought about
what she had said,
although it was
hard to hold that.
It's such an identity shift.
But I thought, well what are
your choices, you can be broken
or you can have a gift.
Like that's really
what you're up with.
And it helped me to
kind of reflect back
to those moments of connection
and love and sanctuary
that I had in early childhood.
So I made this active
decision to embody this
to the best of my ability.
And to bring it back.
So I read everything
that I could and listened
to everything that I
could and just poured
all over these
metaphysical masters that
have come before me.
And I just remember thinking,
now this makes so much sense.
And again, just
being so protected,
being able to be embraced
in this and then supported.
And I just opened up
practice in the office
of the doctor that helped me.
>>REGINA: Oh, really?
>>MCCLISS: Yeah, she
said, OK, go ahead,
just I wouldn't call yourself
psychic in this small town.
Maybe say--
>>REGINA: So what did
you call yourself?
>>MCCLISS: We called
it intuitive--
intuitive reader or
intuitive counseling.
>>REGINA: So did you sometimes
even work together a bit?
>>MCCLISS: We did.
>>REGINA: Man, what a wonderful
woman that she not just helped
you see yourself but trusted
you enough as a fairly
young woman it sounds like.
>>MCCLISS: She did.
>>REGINA: To be
able to even assist
with maybe challenging cases.
>>MCCLISS: Yes, and she
maintained her oath.
She didn't give me anything.
Maybe at best I would
get a first name,
and I would just feel and
describe what I'm seeing
and she would just
take it in and she
would work with other clients.
And she would sometimes
bring me to their attention
and say, look, you can
speak with this intuitive
and maybe it'll help.
And it even graduated
to the point
where we would hold
energetic circles
for those that were suffering.
So this woman was renegade.
Renegading in the
mental health community.
But yeah, it was in
the back room in a time
still where people were very,
very intimidated by this work.
>>REGINA: What a
brave, wonderful woman.
>>MCCLISS: She was amazing.
Still is.
>>REGINA: So from
this point on, OK,
you're helping in the
office and so forth,
and you're starting
to also understand
things about the soul because
you've also studied a lot,
you've done a lot of
research, and you're
embracing some masters' works.
So now how did your work
progress with others?
>>MCCLISS: I feel
like when I was
given the keys to the kingdom
and confidence it in some ways
helped me remember even prior
unions with these higher
sentient beings.
So the cavities of
my own consciousness
expanded and I started
to receive concepts
and understanding for
the individual that
would come and see
me but then also
how it fit in a
larger scale for us
as kind of a unifying species.
So I don't know
that I did anything
worthy of really
opening this up other
than just beginning to trust and
stabilize and ground and hold
sincere intentions
to heal and to help.
So I quickly outgrew that back
room and I moved to the city
into a metaphysical bookshop
where again open arms
and I just opened up
my practice there.
And it was just--
>>REGINA: And you say--
the word you used for
it is soul intervention.
>>MCCLISS: Yes.
>>REGINA: So talk
about what that is.
>>MCCLISS: Soul
interventions I believe
is extracted from this
concept that we refer
to as the Akashic records.
And the Akashic records
holds this full spectrum map
of the soul.
And sometimes when people
lose faith or they lose sight
or they become
capsized with fear
they can't quite pick
up on those milestones
they're meant to meet.
That they can't walk through
those specific experiences
that are going to set them free.
So when we get into this
idea of soul interventions,
that we would progress them
to these moments of influence
or impact.
Sometimes it would turn
out it was a familial pain,
like an epigenetic cycle or
a trauma from their childhood
also.
And so we would go there and
we would re-acknowledge it
or we would put light on it
or look at it a different way.
So often if you just
give people the space
and acknowledge that
they're there safe
and they can return
to their Akashic map,
they just pick right up.
>>REGINA: And this can be past
or future or present, correct?
>>MCCLISS: Yes, it
can be all of it.
It's almost like it's all
happening at the same time
but we just need to find those
wrinkles, those times where
we hit again the wall of fear
or that shadow side for whatever
reason.
So many different reasons that
people can kind of hit that.
I tell them they're
out in the weeds,
we just need to bring them back
onto that straight and narrow
path that their soul
knows instinctively.
>>REGINA: And you
were doing this
by being able to offer a psychic
glimpse into what was waiting
there for them that
they were about to touch
but hadn't made it yet?
>>MCCLISS: Yes.
>>REGINA: So that's not really
interfering with their path?
>>MCCLISS: Correct.
>>REGINA: And you had to use a
certain amount of discernment
to not overstep I assume?
>>MCCLISS: Correct.
And I think that that's
very instinctual to myself
at least, where I feel like true
healing and growth comes when
an individual recognizes
their true self,
their light or really releasing
of the illusion of fear.
And so I would offer insights
to things that I would see
or opportunities in this, really
encapsulating their greatest
gift, their talents.
And often they would just
acknowledge that, feel that,
or remember their
childhood thoughts around.
>>REGINA: So you
were doing for them
what that woman did for you?
>>MCCLISS: Correct.
Well said.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yes.
You were helping give
them that validation
so they could have
confidence in themselves.
And so the point
was to ultimately
be able to do this work
internally for themselves?
>>MCCLISS: Correct.
Yes.
>>REGINA: And so what did that
blossom into and where are you
with it today?
And let's look at the
overarching kind of messages
that you're looking at today
and sharing with people.
>>MCCLISS: Yes.
I'm so grateful
for my background
and it's led me through many
different paths and mediumship
but it seems like when
it takes that sum total
it's about helping people
access their records,
these Akashic records.
And finding out where they
belong in the here and now.
And one of the
biggest messages that
has been relayed to me
from my higher guides
is that we need to move into
this kind of non-binary path
or this non-judgmental.
Like we're so
self-judging of self
and we're so hard on what we
think we haven't accomplished
or the mark that we
haven't met in the future.
So I noticed with people it's
very powerful to help put them
in touch with their
now, to help them
see what cycle that
they're working on
in the present moment.
And why the root system of
that runs so very, very deep.
>>REGINA: And I would
assume that what
you see with most people is they
have not developed the ability
to occupy the moment, the now?
>>MCCLISS: Correct.
Yes.
>>REGINA: It's the fear of the
past, the anxiety of the future
that hasn't occurred yet.
And so how do you assist someone
into coming into their presence
now, where everything
is happening now?
>>MCCLISS: And it's
complicated, right?
>>REGINA: It's not easy.
>>MCCLISS: And
even meditation, I
have so many people that
sit and try to meditate
and they give it
like two minutes
and they're like, I can't do it.
I'm never doing it again.
And my theory with
that is when you
come back to the
present moment I mean,
you are met with
no filter in a way.
So you have the landscape
of fear, you have the mind.
You have all that
you've ever been.
And so if you could think
about the sheer velocity of all
of you without the
filters or the framework
it's just sometimes
more than one can hold.
So my path with
working with people
is definitely to lead
them into the stability
of their own heart and to know
that the things that they're
afraid of either exist in
some version of an illusion
or to help them see the
purpose of their own path.
Again in my background
seeing how all of the bricks
were laid even to lead
me up until this point.
So finding that stillness
and even mindfulness
or learning to acknowledge
that you're not alone,
that you have guidance, you
have guides looking out for you.
>>REGINA: All the time.
>>MCCLISS: Every single minute.
>>REGINA: 24/7.
>>MCCLISS: I think that
helps ease the transition
into the treacherous now.
>>REGINA: I would think one
of the problems at the moment
is because we've been through
this technological revolution
and so many people, their
brains are operating
at a little different
speed than they
used to just because of
the quick satisfaction
and interaction with technology,
that it's more and more
difficult, especially
for younger generations
to be able to sit still.
>>MCCLISS: Correct.
Or think autonomously.
>>REGINA: Or think autonomously.
Do you have a lot
of younger clients?
>>MCCLISS: I do.
I do.
And they seem to be
absorbed into the flashing
lights or the quick pace.
>>REGINA: Right.
And I'm wondering how
do you bring someone
back to themselves when
the brain has been--
really become in almost
addictive patterns
of such quick gratification
and external authority.
>>MCCLISS: We have
to proceed at first
with some kind of mental detox.
And I feel like that
comes in phases.
It took us a long time to
become-- to kind of go off
the map in a way.
So I ask these young
people or anybody actually,
just to kind of make
these small adjustments,
put the phone down midday and
go outside and just do five--
if you can, do five
minutes of deep breathing.
So we start with this kind
of mental detoxing zone.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
Good.
>>MCCLISS: And then we move
into an empowering lifestyle
with communicating with
sacred things such as nature
or our higher selves.
So I find the breaking point
is when people can really
sense again who their
higher guides are when
they make that
relationship possible
or just make that connection.
When they can feel the
hum or the resonance
in their body shift
they're kind of hooked.
It becomes more powerful than
even social media for some.
>>REGINA: Hallelujah,
that's wonderful.
OK, so part of this
you do something
called the brain bypass.
So tell us about that.
>>MCCLISS: So I think one of
the things where we've really
gotten kind of
confused is self-trust.
And it's so easy to chalk up our
intuition or these things that
will flicker in the back
of our mind to imagination.
So the brain I've noticed
through my studies
and research, that
it just tends to be
some kind of patterning organ.
So it has a hard
time breaking free
from its own little
infrastructure and box.
And when we do start to
separate and kind of go
into altered states
of consciousness,
our body starts doing
these abreactions
and putting us sometimes
into fight or flight.
So we have to kind of
retrain our pathology.
So the brain bypass
suggests that we just
go into this kind of
free association of mind
and that we practice
asking a question
and receiving an answer that
doesn't hold a lot of weight.
Sometimes with my clients.
I'll say just what is
the first animal that
pops into your mind?
If you were to ask your higher
guidance show me an animal
and I'll-- and they're
just freaked out,
like how do I do this without
thinking about the right
answer.
And then they'll just have
this image or this experience
pop in their mind.
And we use numbers but it's just
this beginning infrastructure
of trusting something beyond
that small percentage,
beyond cognition,
beyond linearity.
Like it's just this
freedom of uncharted space.
And as you move into
brain bypass, I mean,
you can ask really high
calibrated questions
for yourself or
other people, and you
receive this kind
of light language
or this metaphoric feedback that
you can learn to decipher it.
>>REGINA: So tell us a
couple more techniques
that you use that you think
are super effective right
now with individuals.
And I'm going to ask you some
overarching questions that one
would ask a psychic
and say, how come this?
>>MCCLISS: Sure.
Absolutely.
Well, I think returning back
to the present moment, that is
such a difficult thing to do.
And I know this from
experience because somehow
through my psychic
development I knew
that I had to be super present
because psychic information
only comes in the now.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>MCCLISS: The
future doesn't exist,
past doesn't exist
in the way that--
>>REGINA: Everything
only comes in the now.
>>MCCLISS: Only
right now, exactly.
So if we're evading
that, how will we
ever get out of this pickle?
So I noticed even in following
the beautiful teachings
of Eckhart Tolle,
every time I would
try to be in the now it
took me like three seconds
and I was lost in
conversation with someone
or chasing another
psychic squirrel.
So I developed this technique
that kind of combines the now
and mindfulness.
I call it the
sandwich meditation.
And I call it that is
because I was directed early
on in my psychic career
to take a sandwich
and eat it very, very
slow, which I thought
was a radical ask.
And as I did that, I remember
thinking this is excruciating.
I mean, the seeds on the bun
felt like furniture sliders
on my teeth, and the
lettuce was gummy,
it was quite an
awful experience.
But within just a few
moments of being present,
I noticed electricity kind
of flowing through the air
almost like a mirage.
I could hear the birds outside.
Like you would just--
>>REGINA: Just starting
to bring birds up.
>>MCCLISS: --turns it up.
It was just like a hyper
state or a superhuman
state of consciousness.
Scared me to pieces.
>>REGINA: Why?
>>MCCLISS: Yeah, I think
it was just an unknown.
It was just my body was buzzing.
It was almost an electrified
way of being human.
It was just so out there.
>>REGINA: Were you-- it
sounds like you were simply
tapping into the electrical
universe in which we live
and you were consciously
aware of that transmission.
>>MCCLISS: Exactly.
Yes, 100%.
Yeah, I was in
touch with the now.
And for me and for
a lot of us, it's
those transmissions
of those guidelines
of where we're supposed to be.
So the technique
that I would give
would be to try this
method to anywhere
where you're very unconscious.
For me apparently,
it was eating but you
can do it washing the dishes,
you can do it while driving.
So you take about 30 seconds
to a minute, no longer.
We want to retrain
that automatic response
part of the brain.
And for instance, if
you're taking the dish,
set a timer on your
phone, 30 seconds
and feel the weight of
the dish in your hand
and just take a moment
to breathe and feel that.
Flip it over, where was it
made, might surprise you.
>>REGINA: Probably
China but go ahead.
>>MCCLISS: Probably China you
know, smell the dish liquid,
hear the water hitting
the basin of the sink.
And so essentially,
you're practicing
imploring all of those senses
and allowing them to go up
into heightened psychic states.
And the more that you enter in
and out of those psychic states
or that present now, the more
comfortable that you'll become
and the less your brain's
going to fight you as you
move outside of that box.
So I think that's one of
the more helpful techniques
and you can do it
while you're taking--
>>REGINA: --no matter
what you're doing.
>>MCCLISS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Or watching birds.
>>MCCLISS: Yes.
>>REGINA: I love to watch birds.
>>MCCLISS: Perfect.
Yes.
>>REGINA: I'm just so
absorbed into watching
their interactions and hierarchy
with each other and so forth.
But I mean, anyway, it
doesn't matter what it is.
>>MCCLISS: It doesn't matter.
>>REGINA: Brushing your
teeth, feeling the bristles.
So to bring yourself
into the moment
with in very simple ways.
>>MCCLISS: Correct.
>>REGINA: Until you
start developing
essentially a knowingness
of what it feels
like to be in the moment.
>>MCCLISS: Absolutely.
And so that you don't shut down
or go into that fight or flight
response.
And I think the only
other thing that it
would be such a great
beginning if one was trying
to enter into that psychic
space is amplifying
their personal frequency.
There's many different
methods on how to do this.
But when I teach it,
it's all about how
to get there the quickest.
We have busy lives, we sometimes
don't always have all the time
to go meditate.
But what I've been
taught by my guides
is that everything follows
the power of our intention
and will.
And so if you can just even
in a 30-second timeframe,
close your eyes and think up
or imagine what it would feel
like to levitate.
I tell people just visualize
a thermometer or any kind
of beacon to be lifted up.
And this is surprising
because it sounds so simple,
and just count to 10 slowly
and just feel yourself.
>>REGINA: Being lifted.
>>MCCLISS: Being lifted.
And you're literally
changing dimensional quality.
So when you open your
eyes the light will
be present in a different way,
you'll feel kind of spacey
and heady, maybe a
buzzing but you've just
left that dense swamp of the 3D.
It's so simple.
>>REGINA: That's
simple and wonderful.
Thank you for those.
Those are all very
useful techniques.
So getting into kind of some of
the general psychic questions
people have because
people, first
of all, predictive psychic
work is always dicey,
timing is always dicey.
And so let's talk
about that for a moment
for all the brokenhearted
clients of psychics.
It didn't happen,
he didn't show up.
I didn't get the job.
When someone is
reading they're reading
theoretically what is
transpiring and has
developed in that moment.
So really it seems to me that
we're looking at probability.
>>MCCLISS: Correct.
>>REGINA: So go ahead
and take it from there
so people begin to understand.
>>MCCLISS: Yes.
And this is why I tell people
that I am an Akashic records
reader.
And how that might be different
from a psychic reading,
although I think
psychic readings
are so valuable for so
many different reasons.
But one of the obstacles
that one can run into
is that when they're reading
someone or giving feedback
about their life,
perhaps sometimes that
can turn into forms of
mentalism or reading
kind of just that life stream
that they're on currently.
And there's so many
different options.
So in reading
someone I try to give
this landscape of
all that they--
the potentiality of their
soul of their spirit.
I try to really showcase
some things that are hard,
some fears, some
pain, some things that
might be restrictive or
really give them a challenge.
And then I try to bring
to them their skill,
their talent because
everybody has
the potential for mastery in a
certain skill set or a talent.
And then we just
take those variables.
And we start to look
at it as a whole.
And I tell them, here's your
highest potential, what are
you willing to do to get there?
So often when I go into work
with a client I'll say, look,
this isn't going to
be fortune telling,
this is going to be more like
extremely etheric strategizing
of life.
We call in your
guides and angels.
So we really kind of create
this predictive focal point
based on the opportunities
of choice that one has.
And so to surmise, it's
really this understanding
between myself and my client
that if they make these shifts
that these shifts
have to happen first,
to prepare them to be calibrated
or aligned with those higher
outcomes.
And often if we're
not willing to make
those changes we'll never
see anything outside of that,
that wheel
>>REGINA: And that's very
different than psychic readings
and Madame Zelda.
And so the other element
is time because one thing
no matter how amazingly
elevated our guides are
coming from other dimensions,
it doesn't matter.
The one thing that tends to
frustrate and stop humanity
is time.
Because these things are going
to unfold in their own time
and that can't be predicted.
One intervening thought
pattern from another person
can change that timeline.
So talk about time as
you see it when you're
looking at Akashic
records and when
you're trying to relay things
to people without having
them attached to a time frame.
>>MCCLISS: So that's
a great question.
I think time and space
have a tighter relationship
than maybe we understand yet.
And time obviously, we know
it's not a linear experience.
So often I tell people look,
we can't give timelines.
I can give this approximation
of an almost experientially
dominoes falling if
you do this, then
this will set you up for this.
>>REGINA: Or something can feel
closer, warmer, versus colder,
right?
>>MCCLISS: Yes.
So I think with that free
will it does skew timelines.
But I think what I've
noticed as a psychic,
as an Akashic records, as
a student of the higher
dimensions, it's less about
time and more about integration,
more about walking
through the lessons
that we need to learn
and not past them.
So I feel like there's a
spiritual bypassing that
sometimes happens
or a quickening when
people need that thing to
happen so that they can survive.
So that comes up in a
session pretty quickly
that we're trying to have this
relationship come to fruition
or this job change
because we need it
so that we can not capsize
in anxiety and depression.
So we need to work on
those fundamental things
and just as soon as you do,
it seems to expedite time.
Yeah, so it's a lot of--
I think it's bigger
than we understand.
>>REGINA: And then
the whole notion
you talked about a
moment ago, and this
is as we wind up
the conversation,
the notion of our desire and
our will and our intention.
So often people come to a
psychic reading say, well,
I just don't know what
I'm supposed to be doing.
And I know my guides have
always said to people
what do you want to do?
What do you want to do?
And but what am
I supposed to do?
And so talk about
that little dynamic
on how important it
is for us to simply
have a sense of what we want.
>>MCCLISS: Yes.
And I believe that that's
part of this path of returning
to the heart, returning
to our authentic self,
and to know our spiritual edge.
It's not-- obviously,
it's not easy
and I feel like I run
into people going well,
it doesn't feel good so
it must not be right.
I'm like, oh, that's
never the case.
So I feel like where we are
right now is to become lucid,
to become aware, to be
willing to take the shadow
aspects of ourselves and look
at it and not run from it,
and to hold our inherent
power without being
ashamed or chalking
it up to ego,
and allowing this great
return of all the pieces
that we've ever
been to come home
and living again in this
uniquely whole position.
And I feel like that's going
to be the shift of the ages.
I think the Earth takes a
massive turn for the better
if we could do that.
>>REGINA: I agree
with you and I do
see it turning for the better.
>>MCCLISS: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: And I'm
sure you do as well.
Bonni, Thank you so much.
>>MCCLISS: Thank you.
>>REGINA: It's just
really delightful
to hear how you worked
with your own life
and used all of what seems
like tragedy to your advantage
and also to help you
have compassion for
and understand the
journey of another.
>>MCCLISS: Absolutely.
Thank you.
>>REGINA: And help them
understand themselves.
>>MCCLISS: 100% that's
what it's about.
Thank you so much for having me.
>>REGINA: Thank you, Bonni.
Bonni's book is titled
"The Other Side of Normal."
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[MUSIC PLAYING]